[DCOS-56107] Release Elastic and Kibana 7.3.2 (#2565)
mesosphere/dcos-docs-site: pages/mesosphere/dcos/services/elastic/3.0.0-7.3.2/configuration/index.md

cat > elastic-options.json <<EOF
{
	"master_nodes": {
		"volume_profile": "elastic",
		"disk_type": "MOUNT"
	},
	"data_nodes": {
		"volume_profile": "elastic",
		"disk_type": "MOUNT"
	},
	"ingest_nodes": {
		"volume_profile": "elastic",
		"disk_type": "MOUNT"
	},
	"coordinator_nodes": {
		"volume_profile": "elastic",
		"disk_type": "MOUNT"
	}
}
EOF
```
```bash
dcos package install elastic --options=elastic-options.json
```
<p class="message--note"><strong>NOTE: </strong>Elasticsearch will be configured to look for <code>MOUNT</code> volumes with the <code>elastic</code> profile.</p> 

Once the Elasticsearch service finishes deploying, its tasks will be running with the specified volume profiles.

```bash
dcos elastic update status
deploy (serial strategy) (COMPLETE)
├─ master-update (serial strategy) (COMPLETE)
│  ├─ master-0:[node] (COMPLETE)
│  ├─ master-1:[node] (COMPLETE)
│  └─ master-2:[node] (COMPLETE)
├─ data-update (serial strategy) (COMPLETE)
│  ├─ data-0:[node] (COMPLETE)
│  └─ data-1:[node] (COMPLETE)
├─ ingest-update (serial strategy) (COMPLETE)
└─ coordinator-update (serial strategy) (COMPLETE)
   └─ coordinator-0:[node] (COMPLETE)
```

## Elasticsearch Metrics

> Elasticsearch Prometheus Exporter collects Metrics for Prometheus. Preconfigured `alert-rules` and/or `grafana-dashboards` are stored in  `dcos/grafana-dashboards` and/or `dcos/prometheus-alert-rules` repositories. Otherwise you can use your one and just point them in `dcos-monitoring` configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Elasticsearch Prometheus Exporter collects Metrics for Prometheus. Preconfigured `alert-rules` and/or `grafana-dashboards` are stored in  `dcos/grafana-dashboards` and/or `dcos/prometheus-alert-rules` repositories. Otherwise you can use your own dashboards/alert files and point to them in `dcos-monitoring` configuration.
```

Author: Great, thanks a lot!

> <!-- What does "use your one" mean?    -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Author: Thanks!
